Add back `REVOKE ROLE role FROM user` in syntax table and other syntax updates (#748)
neo4j/neo4j-documentation: cypher/cypher-docs/src/docs/dev/ql/administration/security/role-management-syntax.asciidoc

----
CREATE OR REPLACE ROLE name [AS COPY OF name]
----

> | Recreate a role, or create a new role if no such role exists.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| Create a new role, replacing an existing role if one exists with the same name.
```
